Doc stack size limit (#12590)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/aspnet-core-module.md

See [Configuration with web.config](#configuration-with-webconfig) for an example of the `aspNetCore` element in the *web.config* file.

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

## Modifying the stack size

> You can configure the default managed stack size using the `stackSize` setting. This value is in **bytes**. The default size is `1048576` bytes (1 MB).

Reviewer: Use imperative mood to avoid 2nd person in most cases. It's ok to just order the reader to do something.

```suggestion
Configure the managed stack size using the `stackSize` setting in bytes. The default size is `1048576` bytes (1 MB).
```

> The ASP.NET Core Module can increase the stack size for managed stacks. Use the handler setting `stackSize` to configure it. By default the stackSize is set to 1MB.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure the default managed stack size using the `stackSize` setting. The default size is 1 MB
```
